Greetings Miss Dee!

I hope this finds you well, my name is Steve and I'm a long time admirer of you and your work!   I would like to come and see you because I think you can help me with a fantasy that I have. 
(Of course if there's anything objectionable to you it's not something I'd expect that you do!)

The scenario:
I'd come to your place en femme as a "straight woman", and your place would be a salon, with the usual R and B or Dance music playing and I'd ask if you have time to do my make-up and paint my nails.   

You'd set me up in your chair and we'd have a make-up session, (we'd talk about looks and you'd do my make-up and nails and we'd chat ) and eventually we'd engage in some "girl talk" and it would come up that I don't have a boyfriend and you suggest that I might have a girlfriend instead.  I laugh and say no, but suggest that I'm a little curious about it.   You'll tell me that you're bisexual, and how good it is for a woman to explore her sexuality.  You'll start flirting with me, touching me more than is appropriate and basically trying to seduce me.   You'll eventually ask me if I keep my girl areas well groomed, and I'll admit that I have a hard time doing a good job.    You'll talk about how a girl has to stay well groomed, and offer to "take care of it"(aka shave my ass and asshole and pubic area) after the make up session.   I'll be nervous about it, but you'll insist that a girl's gotta stay fresh and say that it's on the house.   During shaving you'll finger my ass, asshole and "clit" (my cock) a lot more than necessary for the task at hand, and tease me that I like it when you touch me.   I admit that I do like it, and that's when you offer to help me explore my sexuality as a woman, and that it can be our secret.   On the lighter side that means hand holding, laying close and kissing, ranging to (If i'm feeling up for it) a buzzing toy in my well lubricated "pussy" while you jerk me or possibly suck me off.  Maybe more!

Thank you for reading, is this something that you can accommodate?   Realistically I would come to see you first in drab, introduce myself, take care of the financial considerations, and with your permission dress up, head outside for a smoke and to anticipate a little bit, and then enter into your place once more for fantasy time.

Would 3 hours be enough to accommadate the above?  Would 4 be more appropriate?   I would plan on paying up front in cash at your very fair 300 an hour in each case.

I wanted to see what you thought of everything before I booked anything.

I noticed that you had noon to 4pm available on Thursday the 17th of October, is that still the case?

I'm looking forward to hearing back, 
Steve