To demo this project a video is probably the way to go.   Any fans know I'm into programming assembly on c64 in a big way.   I've also made it a goal to
get more comfortable with python so why not join the two?

It started with a demo I was working on where I built a sprite engine and then needed co ordinate data to put in it.   Why not use python?

I used a simple algorithm that gradually speeds up or slows down the individual letter sprites and then eventually gave it an x and y speed.

I used lists in python and to feed the data into the assembly program, I formatted it as if I had typed it myself
byte x,x,x,x,x

outputted it and copied and pasted it.

And it worked!

BUT.... I thought, if I could generate gobs of sprite co ordinate data (control x + x highbit and y of 8 sprites), maybe I could use it to plot points
on a bitmap as well.

So... I coded up a bitmap plotter in assembly that takes an x co ordinate and a y co ordinate and lights up a single pixel on a 320x200 (high res) c64 screen.
This also worked, although, it was limited to the first 255 bytes of 320 because I hadn't built in the high bit yet.   I was getting tired of copying and pasting
byte code from python to the c64 studio so I did a bit of work to save the co ordinates as a data file that c64 assembly could read.   This also worked! (after some experimentation)

Then I took it for a spin, and with 2 bytes per pixel, complex pictures would take up more space in plotting co ordinates than the bitmap itself (which I also had
to keep free)   I hadn't added the x co ordinate high bit yet so that would have increased the size by half again.   As well, I was getting the c64 to do 
my plotting which meant a lot of addition and multiplication for the 8502.   BUT WHAT IF.... what if I did my plotting in python, and also in python, converted that plot to a bitmap file format the c64 could read.   

Well, after a couple of tries, I did get the line plotter to work.   straight lines were easy, even diaganols were easy, uneven lines were the trick.   How did I solve those?  I reduced the long axis to the nearest even ratio, and then, "stretched" the line by x (remainder) pixels by spreading out "extra" pixels throughout the length of the line.   To my surprise, this worked fabulously.

With a line plotter in tow, I was able to create simple shapes of various sizes.  My ultimate goal though, was some kind of transformational motion.  Like...rotation!   I used my line plotter to divide up two screens of bitmap into 8 frames each, and played with rotating shapes.

I eventually did with some research achieve mathematical rotations and was able to animate 16 directional rotations into a full circle.  

Organizing the 16 tiny screens into various degrees of rotation, I animated them together with assembly to demo:
1) the line plotter
2) the bitmap saver
3) the rotater
4) the animator 

Now this was mission creep, I completed the bitmap line plotter and kept going before making something really good with it, BUT I believe now that it's a 
rudimentary draw program with animation capabilities, I might go ahead and try to make something REALLY neat with it!  Stay tuned in the demo area probably to see more results and thanks for watching my presentation!



generic demo
generic python shot
byte x,x,x,x 
sprite motion 
first plotter shot
large bytecode shot
first plotter complex shot
bitmapper straight lines, diagonals, then an x across the whole screen
show squares
show triangles
show 8 frame animation
 
